have you seen the shoe on the internet
that's really been firing people up so
some people say they see pink and white
here whereas normal people see teal and
gray apparently gone down this photo has
apparently been making the rounds for a
couple of years but is back in the
spotlight in part thanks to Will Smith
so I saw this image online and I showed
it to a bunch of people and it's really
really spectacular what comes back so
let's start with what what color do you
see what color do you see now show five
or six people around you whoever's
around you show and ask them what color
do they see and I think you'll be
surprised at what the answer is there's
no right answer but it is definitely not
pink right I agree with Will Smith but
the woman who owns the shoes who
actually had them on her feet says
they're pink and white which is
mind-boggling because I see green who in
the audience sees pink and white on the
truth and how many of you see teal and
gray on this
so interesting it's teal and gray is
really crazy I don't understand there's
absolutely no reason why our people it's
just a shoe for God oh no no no no no no
no no come on guys
please
[Applause]
it doesn't matter it doesn't matter give
each other a hug come on now
let's see a little bit about
[Applause]
that was one of the stupider things
we've done alright congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it